Before I start, I want to thank the AdScience team
for the invitation, and especially a special thank you out to Matthew
and Ronan for helping me get this presentation sorted.
And of course, thank you to the BlueSky and Ad
Proto teams for making this kind of more possible.
SkySquare is a Chrome and Brave extension built on
AdProto.
Yeah, we can also just send it out because nothing else works.
The conversation about external sources on the web, SkySquare
aggregates and presents that commentary directly on the page inside a
sidebar on the browser, so you can see the commentary in
context while you read.
To demonstrate how the application works, we've imagined a fictional research
setting, ResearchOne University, and its Animal Cognition Lab.
You'll be hearing from...
PI at ResearchOne University's Animal Cognition Lab.
I use SkySquare to see how people are in
terms of people and ideas.
Or if we figure it out later, we can always try to
come back to it.
Okay, so yeah, thank you.
This is the first half of the day.
We have unconference boards in the back, so if you had
questions or things you want to make sure you're remembering, we
're encouraging you to add a post-it note on the uncon
ference board.
And other than that, yeah, we'll just be back here at
1.
30.
Thanks, everyone, so far.
It's been awesome.
See you soon.